sister
This cake is delicious
Where did it come from? Look, you ate it all in your mouth
Ouch oops
You're getting married tomorrow, and you're acting like a child
Oh sister, you are so kind to me.
After I marry Yuan Kai
You live with us
I will retire for you
Fool come
Look who got married
You got married with your sister.
As long as you live your life well
I'm relieved.
Hey, sister, eat one too
Yum
Mr. Chen
Why are you going?
Hey manager, I'm going to my sister's wedding
See those windows?
Did you wipe it clean?
Wipe it a few more times
Manager, I'm off work now, what to wipe?
I'll tell you what.
Even if Tianwang Lao Tzu comes today, you don't want to leave
No, manager, I
Ahhhh!
Ah, someone jumped off the building here.
Hurry up good good
Why did you lie to me?
Ahhh